README.md, before:

# aws-docker-deploy
Scripts and templates for deploying docker containers to aws / elastic beanstalk ("Single Container" style with [v1 Dockerrun.aws.json](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/latest/dg/create_deploy_docker_image.html#create_deploy_docker_image_dockerrun)).

The script does the following

- Builds the docker image
- Uploads the docker image to ECR
- Creates and uploads new beanstalk application version to S3
- Deploys new beanstalk version to target environment

The docker image is tagged with `<branch name>-<commit hash>-<timestamp>` which is also used as the beanstalk application version.

Create a project specific deploy script like the following

    # e.g. (optional) project-specific build script to prepare artifacts needed by Dockerfile
    ./build.sh

    # project-specific environment variables
    NAME=container-name
    AWS_ACCOUNT_ID=1234567890
    AWS_REGION=us-east-1
    EB_BUCKET=elasticbeanstalk-us-east-1-1234567890
    EB_APP_NAME="EB App Name"
    # optional beanstalk environment name; if omitted then no environment update command will be sent
    # may also be provided as an array for multiple environment updates
    EB_ENV_NAME=eb-env-name
    CONTAINER_PORT=80

    # download and execute deploy.sh in the current shell
    eval "$(curl -s -L https://raw.githubusercontent.com/imperfectproduce/aws-docker-deploy/d72ecd282c91f204be11840f0b58aa0b46ee0ccf/deploy.sh)"

Note the revision specific curl sources, see https://help.github.com/articles/getting-permanent-links-to-files/

Credit to [Yefim Vedernikoff](https://gist.github.com/yefim) for [original inspiration / code reference](https://gist.github.com/yefim/93fb5aa3291b3843353794127804976f).

Commit message:

Add polling for deploy success

README.md, after:

# aws-docker-deploy
Scripts and templates for deploying docker containers to aws / elastic beanstalk ("Single Container" style with [v1 Dockerrun.aws.json](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/latest/dg/create_deploy_docker_image.html#create_deploy_docker_image_dockerrun)).

The script does the following

- Builds the docker image
- Uploads the docker image to ECR
- Creates and uploads new beanstalk application version to S3
- Deploys new beanstalk version to target environment

The docker image is tagged with `<branch name>-<commit hash>-<timestamp>` which is also used as the beanstalk application version.

Create a project specific deploy script like the following

    # e.g. (optional) project-specific build script to prepare artifacts needed by Dockerfile
    ./build.sh

    # project-specific environment variables
    NAME=container-name
    AWS_ACCOUNT_ID=1234567890
    AWS_REGION=us-east-1
    EB_BUCKET=elasticbeanstalk-us-east-1-1234567890
    EB_APP_NAME="EB App Name"
    # optional beanstalk environment name; if omitted then no environment update command will be sent
    # may also be provided as an array for multiple environment updates
    EB_ENV_NAME=eb-env-name
    CONTAINER_PORT=80
    # optional flag to poll for success after deployment; if omitted then polling is not performed
    DEPLOY_POLLING=true

    # download and execute deploy.sh in the current shell
    eval "$(curl -s -L https://raw.githubusercontent.com/imperfectproduce/aws-docker-deploy/d72ecd282c91f204be11840f0b58aa0b46ee0ccf/deploy.sh)"

Note the revision specific curl sources, see https://help.github.com/articles/getting-permanent-links-to-files/

Credit to [Yefim Vedernikoff](https://gist.github.com/yefim) for [original inspiration / code reference](https://gist.github.com/yefim/93fb5aa3291b3843353794127804976f).
